# Jan 31, 2018

## Sponsorship Packet
* we need to draft up content
* two to three sponsorship tiers
    * resume book, info sessions, career fair?
    * branding on the site
* get done by end of week

## Recruitment and Mentorship Positions
* start interviewing this week for recruitment and mentorship positions


## Gregor's talk!
* need a place to host the event
* startup UCLA should be a backup
* we need space, maybe Engineering VI? (IDK cause we're not affiliate with CS Dept)
    * bring in suggestions!

## Class Logo
* follow MIT Media Lab style?

## How do we decide Junior to Regular
* last quarter Jahan pinged individual PMs about individual people
* we did a poor job of distinguishing between senior and junior
* each PM should decide if they're members are junior or regular?
* need to be better at deciding _who is at the level we need them to be at_ and _who's not_

## Emails vs Slack?
* Cody: most people don't check Slack
* Jahan: we should do both
* Kevin: PM's aren't doing there job

## Format of the Meetings
* we made them optional but peple don't really get anyting out of them
* What to do?

## iXperience
* global training centers
* partner with student orgs to do workshops and shit
* they are willing to fund our events for food\
1) we need to get a sponsorship brochure out 

## Workshops
* Do em at different times than regular meetings
* Cody and Jahan are doing a workshop (writing better applications)
    * next week! Market it, and they have to do it (Maybe Startup UCLA room 5-6)
    * PUBLIC
    * 40 mins, one hour max
