# Meeting Notes

## Recruitment
	- PM applications
		- Do we need new PMs with new projects for Spring 2018?
		- BPool needs some stepping in
		- Opensource project lead by Cody and Jahan?
		- Assistant PMs?
	- Dev and Designer applications
		- Close this weekend
			- Need email reminder sent out/facebook page

## Demo Day
	- Secured Covel 227 from 6-9pm Wednesday of Week 10
	- Expo Style
	- No food, but maybe Soylent??

## DevX Future
	- Dmitri's idea of keeping all projects in DevX
	- Setting up more structures
		- How to help projects scale
		- Set up process for future PMs within teams
	- Workshops
		- Turnout is not as high as expected

## Mentorship
	- Pairing up devs?
